Support for GKE 1.26 (#177)
ncbi/elastic-blast-docs: docs/source/requirements.rst

* `Google Cloud Command Line Interface <https://cloud.google.com/cli>`_

> * `kubectl <https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl>`_  Make sure to install a version supported by ElasticBLAST:

Reviewer: Please consider this, it's more informative than "Make sure to install a version supported by ElasticBLAST" IMHO 

```suggestion
* `kubectl <https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl>`_: Please be sure to install a version supported by GCP (see `this link <https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/release-notes>`_ for supported versions)
```
